# Capsule
A web application that leverages Google Firestore, the Spotify API, the Google Calendar API, and the OpenAI API to curate and deliver a 15-song playlist full of the user’s top tracks from a brief and distinct moment in their past. The playlist is written directly to the user’s Spotify account, accomanined by a description generated by GPT-3.5 based on the user’s calendar event titles from that period to help jog their memory. 

## Inspiration
The app’s core functionality revolves around the everyday experience of adding songs to your Spotify library, playing those recent few for on repeat for a while, then moving on to the latest batch of new songs, inevitably pushing those other tracks back into the shadows. A lot of users only ever listen to what’s at the top of the library, and old favorites get buried under heaps of new additions. My app addresses this unfortunate phenomenon by resurrecting these overlooked tracks, creating a curated playlist that serves as an auditory time capsule. 

## Features
- Playlist automatically written to Spotify account with title, unique description, and 15-song selection 
- Users can “Make Another” as many times as they please, resulting in a different selection each time. 

## Flow
1. Log into your Spotify account
2. Log into your Google Calendar account
3. Sit back and relax while the app curates your playlist. 

## Limitations
The project is currently undergoing preparation for the approval processes with Spotify and Google for production-level deployment, meaning users must be approved on my end before use in the meantime. If you’re interested in trying out the most recent development-level version, feel free to [reach out](https://www.linkedin.com/in/geneva-ng/) and I’d be happy to set that up. 

## Future Improvements
- Fine-tune the NLP feature to deliver higher quality descriptions
- Code up an entertaining loading animation.
- Allow the user to select _which_ Google Calendar to read events from. Some users have sentimental events saved to a specific calendar aside from the default user calendar; this version currently only reads the default.

![/screenshots/Home.png]
![/screenshots/Loading.png]
![/screenshots/Make Another.png]
![/screenshots/Capsule1.png]
![/screenshots/Capsule2.png]

